[Music]
What's up kids, I hope you're
enjoying your Thursday afternoon,
night is almost here. Tonight we have
a live show and they're telling me through an earpiece that there are quite a few, the CEO. Let's remind you all that we'll be seeing each other at around 10:00 between 10:00 and 11:00, 11:00 more like at night on my tweets channel. Likewise, if you're members here at
Javier Canijo, you can continue being
members because later you'll have the
live show here for the members. Okay,
family, nothing. You've asked me
a lot for ten of them what
happened to Aura and not in her hair and not in her
hair but this guy is going
crazy the other day he had it red, I should have
gone crazy, I saw it red but I
think I did give it red I don't
understand how he went from red to
white again but anyway, this is what
happened to his Instar account. What you
've asked me about is what
happened to his Instagram account that they'll be
banned that they'll be hacked and he has it
well apparently
a lot of people have noticed but
same no the same no because it caught him
during the night sleeping maybe they
closed his account they gave it back to him
go on go on any of the other
mortals were going to close our account and we
were going to get it back while we
sleep and we don't even realize that they've
taken it from us go on change and you close the
account it closes the account and now I can
look for it Lapland I can look for it
puts it I guess I can't find anything let's
listen to what he said in this
Instagram story that I was able to
recover because I saw it this morning
while I was at the vet in the
city I haven't recorded it but luckily
someone uploaded it to YouTube
and let's see what his friends said
last night I don't know what happened it all happened
while I was sleeping
apparently they closed my
Instagram account and then it reopened by itself
to all this metal I was sleeping
an email is going to arrive I don't know what about
security I think some crazy Russian
tried to enter Instagram envelopes for
security well they closed it but oh well
everything comes that no I don't know anything an
anecdote do not
doubt life life many times
well it is very  lasts no here we see how he
responded to this tweet from info aurum
info aurum that is always reporting
on euros in play the account returned to
normal, I mean it's incredible that
an account is deactivated and
activated again for nothing it has been deactivated and
activated while I was sleeping terrible
windows 11 is that I do not understand how you
can deactivate the account because look at
the hand if someone has taken it from you and you
give it to deactivated to annoy you not
someone who has entered your account
and for the late as annoyance because they
deactivated it
as active it
although they realize it is big that there is
a strange movement there how do they
archive it again
for that they send you an email and ask
you to write it when you
wake up no but no no no it's that it is the
saw and being active greetings from here
and congratulations have a great day and I
ask you for god now yes forgive me that
this had happened to you but I repeat it does not happen
once it would be beautiful in a series
of perm to dead minecraft with the help
of good verón it could be done
true madness more exciting
even than script craft blessings
for my girlfriend ruth more exciting than
script kraft battle I tell you look I'm
going to expel you percent
that sweatshirt in the end is I changed guys
because I bought that sweatshirt well in the
end I changed it why because I
bought the m which was the size that I
normally used and the truth is that the
size m I can now put it on the chest
of my beloved as I'm putting
no
or so I
tell you sorry to be so clear but
more exciting than the squid game I'll give you
a spoiler no no it's not going to be I'll tell you
but it is true that they
neglect it opens a door to do many
things in minecraft that could be very
good to have asked for a series the
ampere that makes a more
exciting series that could give an idea not
of a series that could be more
exciting than skeet skeet key it's not
what we played the other time initial
although not to have listen to me never say
never know what the mind of any
crazy guy what the mind of any
person that people who have a lot of
imagination do not  You never know what might
decide, suddenly surprising you with
something new and I wanted water, well, to exceed
expectations, you never know, never
say never, the Hunger Games, which I
think I was going to do, I don't know if I was going to
do it and I, Juan, with the help of Ibai, which will be
great, of course, I hope so, and if they
tell me to participate, I'll probably
sign up because it will surely be fun, that it
will be more exciting than the Squeeze
Game, I'm telling you, no, I'm
not
allowed. Allow me to tell you in advance, I'll
tell you, who knows, no, better than to be
careful, let me explain
why the Squid Game is something that
happens once in a lifetime, and it wasn't just the
game, it was the participants, it was the
development, you crash into to reach the final,
the Raptor tradition, there were some
factors that made it happen, but that
made it perfect. Things, not
just the game, which is perfect. The
good thing is that I won, of course, and the
internet, I don't give a damn,
but let's say what the
skis are like, I always feel the words
are made of salt, it's one of those things that
only happens once in a lifetime on the
internet, but there may be more things, it
's not even comparable to one another  which is
better which is worse something else simply something else
that also makes history
we know
some things do not discredit the other let's go
what with the squid games has been
incredible I would repeat it every
weekend because of course
evidently like the first like the
first there will not be there will not be more it
was very well done but
factors that we cannot control
and all this together made a
perfection can it happen again it is
difficult but well it is difficult but it
can it
is difficult he will even be able to program
new
projects that will be great but they will not be the
same because there were
external things that helped everything to be in a
very special way my tracksuit was
very special my tracksuit I think it
broke all the schemes and I broke the
mold with it the truth is that is why it is difficult to
repeat it it is difficult but
yes of course I believe that minecraft
is open to doing many things and I believe
that many of them can be the support
of Benedict look for the appetite you see
you place us that if it has been possible to create
that of the squid games that
my mother what can be done it can be done
infinite infinite suck my support that is what I
tell you  suck my whole [ __ ]
because after a while and whoever gets offended
because they get offended this for tick tock
come upload this
I hope you put this part too I
hope you put this part let's see he has
n't said anything I even said
this happens with the whole series it's
[ __ ] this always happens he said
well really he hasn't said anything I
said that no matter how many new
things are done like squid gail it's going to cost a lot to
match the year very fun
okay it will be fun the
time comes I show up to see this over here
this over here is one open there they are I do
n't know I wake up
wind down to win
by the way yesterday something happened with
instagram I mean I wake up full of
messages so instagram closed I don't know what I do
n't know what happened yesterday the truth is I was
sleeping I was
n't sleeping apparently
my instagram closed and then it
reopened but all this automatically I
hope to know what happened God there are
so many chances that
someone has gotten into the account that they
have come to gossip even read
some conversation you don't know if it's not
long ago they don't explain them to you the truth
don't ask what happened I can't
tell you I got like a
security email or something like that
I think my theory is simple a crazy Russian
a crazy Russian tried to get into the account
instagram detected that movement and closed it it
's very rare
thanks for the advice but I've done it
already of course
nobody instagram is perfect nobody has
touched anything but I think they did
try you
know and instagram detected that
attempt then it said for security we
close it and then it reopened after a
while curious the truth is
deactivate it for security okay but
what doesn't add up to me is what I can't
find a logical explanation for is that they
reopened it
without him having done anything that the truth
without having read the email confirming
some steps and so on but anyway family
for those who asked well this
is what happened last night with the
aurum play instagram account
nothing we'll see each other later in the next
live news I don't know now I'll look to see
what's out there I send you a
huge hug and you know respect in the chat
ah
[Music]